---
layout: post
title: Week Ten :10
---

**What did I do this past week?** 

I met up with my partner and worked on Darwin! We spent our four hours or so designing the 3 classes. The no getters and setters rule made designing a lot harder than I thought it would be. We implemented our Species class on Tuesday, and finished up the rest yesterday. We started working at 10:30am and ended around 8:30pm, a whole day in the lab, yay! Unfortunately, our output doesn't match exactly with other people's, and we realized one of our bugs is that we forgot to put break at the end of each case in our switch statements. Oops. Still have some more things to debug before our program functions completely. We've only written 3 unit tests for out program, which means we have many many more tests to write this week! Hopefully we can find some time to do the extra credit and build our best creature :) Aside from project, I interviewed at Phoenix this past Thursday and Friday. It went okay. The cool thing was that I met a lot of UTCS students at the interview and made new friends! I was very happy when Dr. Downing cancelled class on Friday :p Thanks UTCS! 


**What's in my way?**

This week is pretty bad for me :P I have a Japanese test on Tuesday, not ready at all, don't understand half of the grammars we covered last week... There's an algo test on Wednesday, also need to study a lot. And the Darwin project is due on Thursday. I've also decided not to drop number theory, which means I need to catch up on all my problem sets... I will strive to stay alive! :D

**What will I do next week?**

Study study study. Hopefully I can still get some candies on Monday, although I am not planning to dress up or do anything for Halloween. 


**Tip of The Week**

When I interviewed on Friday, part of the interview process was a group coding challenge, which required me and four other candidates to collaborate and code up a solution together. So something I've learned is [CoderPad](https://coderpad.io/KZANZAAD). It allows multiple people to collaborate on the same code and lets you compile and run the code. You can just do try demo to avoid registering for an account :P   