---
layout: post
title: Week Nine :9
---

**What did I do this past week?** 

I spent many many hours in the lab this past week. Slept very little, worked a lot. But that seems pretty normal for many CS students, so I am not going to rant too much about it. I also went to hackTX this weekend! My team had been coming up with ideas, but we didn't decide on an idea until 3 hours into the hackathon. We checked out some hardware devices at first, hoping to do some hardware hacking, but eventually decided on implementing the idea sharing/exchanging system the JPL speaker mentioned in class. Implementation and design took much longer thant we anticipated. I slept for 2 hours but still didn't finish my work :( I plan to finish it up later, but probably won't get to it until finals week. But overall it was a fun experience! Just want to say THANK YOU to everyone who have helped to put this together :) As far as class goes, I still really enjoy the lectures. I like how we went over how to reuse copy constructor's code for the copy assignment method and vice versa. 


**What's in my way?**

Sleep deprivation... Design doc grading, interviews and all my other work. There is just a lot of work every week :( The OOP exam grade will probably be out this week, hopefully it won't crush me :o


**What will I do next week?**

Start working on Darwin! Do my readings, go to office hour and sleep more if possible!

**Tip of The Week**

My team used AngularJS and Firebase this past weekend, so my tip of the week is AngularFire :P AngularJS is a JavaScript framework that supports two way data binding, and Firebase is a backend service that provides data storage, authentication, and static website hosting. AngularFire is basically AngularJS that supports data binding with Firebase, so it provides three way data binding :P We didn't use it for our project, but it definitely seems quite useful!